Something happened in the factory
What's wrong?
I don't know either.
Have to go and see to know I'm going with you
Ah, you go first
I'm fine
Xiao Zhou, what happened?
Mr. Xia, your ex-husband's aromatic sac
Food companies have also launched Chinese New Year gift boxes
And the price is cheaper than ours.
No one buys our gift box now.
What's the situation in the factory now?
Because the sales volume was high before.
So it has been mass-produced
So much so that there is now overproduction
serious backlog
If you continue to spend money like this, it won't cost you money
There will soon be a deficit on the books
Then you can only go bankrupt
It must be that bastard Fang Yuan
They're using money to suppress me
Mr. Xia, now we can only reduce the price.
No price reduction
Why the price cut?
Although it is a loss of profit
But can the gift box be sold?
Fang Yuan wants to suppress us
If we lower the price
He will definitely reduce the price as well.
What to do then?
Continue to reduce prices?
Brother you trash
A little skill
how
Mo Ruofu, the son of the kitchen knife?
Of course I can guess what you think.
You take advantage of me